key,value,Description,English,Chinese,ChineseTraditional,Japanese,Russian,German,Spanish,Korean,Portuguese,French,Indonesian,Polish,FarsiIran,ArabicEgypt
ConnectError,0,Error Message,Connection error,连接错误,連接錯誤,接続エラー,Ошибка соединения,Verbindungsfehler,Error de conexión,연결 오류,Erro na conexão,Erreur de connexion,Kesalahan koneksi,Błąd połączenia,خطای اتصال,‏‏خطأ في الاتصال
Success,1,Error Message,Operation succeeded.,操作成功,操作成功,処理が完了しました。,Операция выполнена.,Operation erfolgreich.,Operación exitosa.,작업을 수행했습니다.,Operação bem-sucedida.,Opération réussie.,Operasi berhasil.,Operacja powiodła się.,عملیات با موفقیت انجام شد.,تمت العملية بنجاح.
Unknow_error,2,Error Message,Unknown error,未知错误,未知錯誤,不明なエラー,Неизвестная ошибка,Unbekannter Fehler,Error desconocido,알 수 없는 오류,Erro desconhecido,Erreur inconnue,Kesalahan tidak diketahui,Nieznany błąd,خطای ناشناخته,خطأ غير معروف
Not_in_the_time_zone,3,Error Message,Expired. Please contact customer service for more support.,超出了有效时间范围，请联系客服人员寻求更多支持,超出了有效時間範圍，請聯繫客服人員尋求更多支持,有効期間エラーです。カスタマーサービスに連絡してください。,Срок действия истек. Свяжитесь со службой поддержки.,Abgelaufen. Bitte wende dich an den Kundendienst.,Expirado. Contacta a atención al cliente para obtener más detalles.,만료되었습니다. 추가 지원이 필요하면 고객 서비스 팀에 문의하세요.,Expirado. Entre em contato com o atendimento ao cliente para obter suporte.,Délai dépassé. Veuillez contacter le service client pour toute assistance supplémentaire.,Kedaluarsa. Harap hubungi layanan pelanggan untuk dukungan lebih lanjut.,"Upłynął okres ważności. Skontaktuj się z obsługą klienta, by uzyskać pomoc.","منقضی شده است. لطفاً برای دریافت پشتیبانی بیشتر، با خدمات مشتری تماس بگیرید.","مُنتهي الصلاحية. لمزيدٍ من الدعم، يرجى الاتصال بخدمة العملاء."
Not_found,4,Error Message,Related data not found,未找到相关数据,未找到相關資料,関連データが見つからない,Связанные данные не найдены,Zugehörige Daten nicht gefunden,Datos relacionados no encontrados,관련 데이터를 찾을 수 없음,Dados relacionados não encontrados,Données correspondantes introuvables,Data terkait tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono powiązanych danych,داده​های مرتبط یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على البيانات ذات الصلة
Svr_not_working,5,Error Message,Server connection failed. Please try again later.,服务器连接失败，请稍后再试,伺服器連接失敗，請稍後再試,サーバー接続エラーです。後でもう一度試してください。,Не удалось соединиться с сервером. Повторите попытку позже.,Serververbindung fehlgeschlagen. Bitte später erneut versuchen.,Fallo en la conexión del servidor. Por favor intenta de nuevo más tarde.,서버에 연결할 수 없습니다. 나중에 다시 시도해 주세요.,Falha na conexão com o servidor. Tente novamente mais tarde.,La connexion au serveur a échoué. Veuillez réessayer plus tard.,Sambungan ke server gagal. Harap coba lagi nanti.,Nie można połączyć z serwerem. Spróbuj ponownie później.,اتصال به سرور انجام نشد. لطفاً بعداً دوباره امتحان کنید.,فشل في الاتصال بالخادم. يُرجى معاودة المحاولة لاحقًا.
Operate_too_often,6,Error Message,Too frequent. Please try again later.,该操作过于频繁，请稍后再试,該操作過於頻繁，請稍後再試,回数が多すぎます。後でもう一度試してください。,Слишком часто. Повторите попытку позже.,Zu häufig. Bitte später erneut versuchen.,Muy frecuente. Intenta más tarde.,너무 빈번합니다. 나중에 다시 시도해 주세요.,Frequência alta. Tente novamente mais tarde.,Action trop fréquente. Veuillez réessayer plus tard.,Terlalu sering. Harap coba lagi nanti.,Zbyt często. Spróbuj ponownie później.,بیش از حد مجاز. لطفاً بعداً دوباره امتحان کنید.,متكرر كثيرًا. يُرجى معاودة المحاولة لاحقًا.
Data_repeat,7,Error Message,Data already exists.,数据已存在,資料已存在,データがすでに存在します。,Данные уже существуют.,Daten existieren bereits.,Los datos ya existen.,데이터가 이미 존재합니다.,Os dados já existem.,Ces données existent déjà.,Data sudah ada.,Dane już istnieją.,داده از قبل موجود است.,البيانات موجودة بالفعل.
Version_not_match,8,Error Message,You uploaded progress to the cloud in a higher version of your game. Please update the game on this device,线上云存档版本高于本机，请更新客户端,線上雲存檔版本高於本機，請更新用戶端,クラウドにあるゲーム進行状況は、このゲームよりも新しいバージョンでアップロードしたものです。このデバイスのゲームをアップデートしてください。,Ваш прогресс был загружен в облако в более новой версии игры. Обновите игру на этом устройстве.,Du hast einen Spielfortschritt aus einer höheren Version in die Cloud hochgeladen. Aktualisiere bitte das Spiel auf diesem Gerät.,Subiste tu progreso a la nube de una versión más reciente de tu juego. Por favor actualiza el juego en este dispositivo,진행 상황이 더 높은 버전의 게임에서 클라우드에 업로드되었습니다. 이 장치의 게임을 업데이트하세요.,Você enviou seu progresso para a nuvem numa versão mais nova do jogo. Atualize o jogo neste dispositivo,Vous avez mis à jour votre progression dans le nuage sur une version plus récente du jeu. Veuillez mettre à jour votre jeu sur cet appareil,Kamu mengupload progress ke cloud dengan versi game yang lebih tinggi. Harap update game di perangkat ini,Postępy przesłano z nowszej wersji gry. Uaktualnij grę na tym urządzeniu.,شما پیشرفت را در نسخه بالاتر بازی خود روی فضای ابری بارگذاری کردید. لطفاً بازی را در این دستگاه به​روز کنید,لقد قمت بتحميل التقدم على الشبكة السحابية في إصدار أعلى من لعبتك. يُرجى تحديث اللعبة المُثبتة على هذا الجهاز
Convert_err,9,Error Message,Data parse error,数据解析错误,資料解析錯誤,データ解析エラー,Ошибка интерпретации данных,Parsing-Fehler,Error al analizar los datos,데이터 구문 분석 오류,Erro na análise de dados,Erreur d'analyse de données,Kesalahan penguraian data,Błąd analizy danych,خطای تجزیه داده,خطأ في تحليل البيانات
Invalid,10,Error Message,Invalid data,该数据无效,該數據無效,無効なデータ,Неверные данные,Ungültige Daten,Datos inválidos,유효하지 않은 데이터,Dados inválidos,Données non valides,Data tidak valid,Nieprawidłowe dane,داده​های نامعتبر,بيانات غير صالحة
Is_forbidden,11,Error Message,This action cannot be operated. Please contact customer service for more support.,不可进行此操作，请联系客服人员以寻求更多支持,不可進行此操作，請聯繫客服人員以尋求更多支持,この操作を行うことはできません。カスタマーサービスに連絡してください。,Невозможно выполнить это действие. Свяжитесь со службой поддержки.,Aktion kann nicht ausgeführt werden. Bitte wende dich an den Kundendienst.,No se puede realizar esta operación. Contacta a atención al cliente para obtener más detalles.,이 작업은 수행할 수 없습니다. 추가 지원이 필요하면 고객 서비스 팀에 문의하세요.,Esta ação não pode ser realizada. Entre em contato com o atendimento ao cliente para obter ajuda.,Cette action ne peut pas être effectuée. Veuillez contacter le service client pour toute assistance supplémentaire.,Tindakan ini tidak bisa dioperasikan. Harap hubungi layanan pelanggan untuk dukungan lebih lanjut.,"Nie można wykonać tego działania. Skontaktuj się z obsługą klienta, by uzyskać pomoc.","این عمل قابل اجرا نیست. لطفاً برای دریافت پشتیبانی بیشتر، با خدمات مشتری تماس بگیرید.","لا يمكن تشغيل هذا الإجراء. لمزيدٍ من الدعم، يُرجى الاتصال بخدمة العملاء."
Passwd_err,100,Error Message,The password you entered is incorrect. Please try again.,"您输入的密码有误, 请重新尝试","您輸入的密碼有誤, 請重新嘗試",入力したパスワードが間違っています。もう一度試してください。,Вы ввели неправильный пароль. Повторите попытку.,Das eingegebene Passwort ist falsch. Bitte erneut versuchen.,La contraseña que ingresaste es incorrecta. Intenta de nuevo.,입력한 암호가 맞지 않습니다. 다시 입력해 주세요.,A senha inserida está incorreta. Tente novamente.,Le mot de passe saisi est incorrect. Veuillez réessayer.,Password yang kamu masukkan salah. Harap coba lagi.,Podane hasło jest niepoprawne. Spróbuj ponownie.,رمز عبور وارد شده نادرست است. لطفاً دوباره امتحان کنید.,"كلمة المرور التي أدخلتها غير صحيحة، حاول مُجددًا."
Account_mismatch_passwd,101,Error Message,The password you entered does not match your account. Please try again.,您输入的账号与密码不匹配，请重新输入,您輸入的帳號與密碼不匹配，請重新輸入,入力したパスワードがアカウントと一致しません。もう一度試してください.,"Вы ввели пароль, не подходящий к вашей учетной записи. Повторите попытку.",Das eingegebene Passwort passt nicht zu deinem Konto. Bitte erneut versuchen.,La contraseña que ingresaste no coincide con tu cuenta. Intenta de nuevo.,입력한 암호와 계정이 일치하지 않습니다. 다시 입력해 주세요.,A senha inserida não corresponde à sua conta. Tente novamente.,Le mot de passe saisi ne correspond pas à votre compte. Veuillez réessayer.,Password yang kamu masukkan tidak cocok dengan akunmu. Harap coba lagi nanti.,Podane hasło nie pasuje do konta. Spróbuj ponownie.,رمز عبور وارد شده با رمز عبور حساب شما مطابقت ندارد. لطفاً دوباره امتحان کنید.,"كلمة المرور التي أدخلتها غير متطابقة مع حسابك، حاول مُجددًا."
Account_forbidden,102,Error Message,Your account has been frozen.,您的账号已冻结了,您的賬號已凍結了,アカウントが凍結されています。,Ваша учетная запись была заморожена.,Dein Konto wurde eingefroren.,Tu cuenta ha sido congelada.,계정이 동결되었습니다.,Sua conta foi congelada.,Votre compte a été gelé.,Akunmu telah dibekukan.,Konto zostało zamrożone.,حساب شما مسدود شده است.,لقد تم تجميد الحساب.
Account_repeat,103,Error Message,The account already exists. Please log in instead.,您输入的账号已存在，请直接登录,您輸入的帳號已存在，請直接登錄,このアカウントはすでに存在しています。ログインしてください。,Такая учетная запись уже существует. Войдите в систему.,Dieses Konto existiert bereits. Bitte stattdessen einloggen.,La cuenta ya existe. Por favor inicia sesión.,계정이 이미 존재합니다. 대신 로그인하세요.,A conta já existe. Faça o login.,Ce compte existe déjà. Veuillez vous connecter.,Akun ini sudah ada. Harap login.,Konto już istnieje. Zamiast tego zaloguj się.,حساب از قبل موجود است. لطفاً وارد شوید.,"الحساب موجود بالفعل، يُرجى تسجيل الدخول."
Account_format_err,104,Error Message,The account format is incorrect. Please enter a correct email address.,您输入的账号格式有误，请输入正确的邮箱格式,您輸入的帳號格式有誤，請輸入正確的郵箱格式,アカウントの形式が間違っています。正しいメールアドレスを入力してください。,Неверный формат учетной записи. Введите правильный адрес электронной почты.,Das Kontoformat ist ungültig. Bitte die E-Mail-Adresse korrekt eingeben.,El formato de la cuenta es incorrecto. Por favor ingresa un correo electrónico correcto.,계정 형식이 올바르지 않습니다. 올바른 이메일 주소를 입력하세요.,O formato da conta está incorreto. Coloque um endereço de e-mail correto.,Le format du compte est incorrect. Veuillez saisir une adresse e-mail valide.,Format akun salah. Harap masukkan alamat email yang benar.,Format konta jest niepoprawny. Wprowadź poprawny adres e-mail.,فرمت حساب نادرست است. لطفاً آدرس ایمیل صحیحی وارد کنید.,"تنسيق الحساب غير صحيح، يُرجى إدخال عنوان البريد الإلكتروني الصحيح."
Passwd_format_err,105,Error Message,The password format is incorrect. Please enter the correct password.,您输入的密码格式有误，请输入正确格式的密码,您輸入的密碼格式有誤，請輸入正確格式的密碼,パスワードの形式が間違っています。正しいパスワードを入力してください。,Неверный формат пароля. Введите правильный пароль.,Das Passwortformat ist ungültig. Bitte das Passwort korrekt eingeben.,El formato de la contraseña es incorrecto. Por favor ingresa la contraseña correcta.,암호 형식이 올바르지 않습니다. 올바른 암호를 입력하세요.,O formato da senha está incorreto. Coloque a senha correta.,Le format du mot de passe est incorrect. Veuillez saisir le mot de passe correct.,Format password salah. Harap masukkan password yang benar.,Format hasła jest niepoprawny. Wprowadź poprawne hasło.,فرمت رمز عبور نادرست است. لطفاً رمز عبور درست را وارد کنید.,"تنسيق كلمة المرور غير صحيح، يُرجى إدخال كلمة المرور الصحيحة."
BindInfo_format_err,106,Error Message,Bind info is incorrect.,注册信息格式有误,註冊資訊格式有誤,連携情報が間違っています。,Неверная информация о привязке.,Falsche Verknüpfungsinformationen.,La información de enlace es incorrecta.,바인딩 정보가 올바르지 않습니다.,A informação de vínculo está incorreta.,Les informations de liaison sont incorrectes.,Informasi pengikatan salah.,Informacje dot. powiązania są niepoprawne.,اطلاعات اتصال نادرست است.,معلومات الربط غير صحيحة.
BindInfo_already_in_use,107,Error Message,Data has been bound with other platforms.,该数据已经被其他平台占用,該資料已經被其他平臺佔用,データはすでに他のプラットフォームと連携しています。,Данные привязаны к другим платформам.,Daten wurden mit anderen Plattformen verknüpft.,Los datos se han vinculado con otras plataformas.,데이터가 다른 플랫폼에 바인딩되어 있습니다.,Os dados foram vinculados com outras plataformas.,Les données ont été liées avec les autres plateformes.,Data telah diikat dengan paltform lain.,Nie powiązano danych z innymi platformami.,داده​ها با پلتفرم‌های دیگر مرتبط شده است.,تم ربط البيانات بمنصات أخرى.
Account_had_been_bound,108,Error Message,The account has been bound.,该账号已被绑定,該帳號已被綁定,アカウントを連携しました。,Привязка учетной записи выполнена.,Das Konto wurde verknüpft.,La cuenta ha sido vinculada.,계정이 바인딩되었습니다.,Sua conta foi vinculada.,Le compte a été lié.,Akun ini telah terikat.,Konto zostało powiązane.,حساب متصل شده است.,لقد تم ربط الحساب.
None_free_game_server,109,"Error Message - Some of the below error message are for Soul Knight PvP, which has chating, friending and matchmaking features. ",No idle server,没有空闲的游戏服务器,沒有空閒的遊戲伺服器,空きサーバーなし,Неактивные серверы отсутствуют,Kein inaktiver Server,Ningún servidor inactivo,유휴 서버 아님,Não há servidor inativo,Aucun serveur inactif,Tidak ada server yang kosong,Brak bezczynnego serwera,هیچ سرور بیکاری موجود نیست,ليس هناك خوادم خاملة
None_center_server,110,Error Message,Hub server is not working.,中心服务器出错,中心伺服器出錯,中央サーバーが動作していません。,Центральный сервер не работает.,Hub-Server funktioniert nicht.,El servidor hub no funciona.,허브 서버가 작동하지 않습니다.,O servidor central não está funcionando.,Le serveur hub ne fonctionne pas.,Server hub tidak bekerja.,Serwer hub nie działa.,سرور هاب کار نمی​کند.,خادم المنتدى لا يعمل.
None_login_server,111,Error Message,Login server is not working. Please try again later.,登录服务器出了问题，待会儿再来试试吧,登錄伺服器出了問題，待會兒再來試試吧,ログインサーバーが動作していません。後でもう一度試してください。,Сервер входа в систему не работает. Повторите попытку позже.,Login-Server funktioniert nicht. Bitte später erneut versuchen.,El servidor para iniciar sesiónno funciona. Por favor intenta de nuevo más tarde.,로그인 서버가 작동하지 않습니다. 나중에 다시 시도해 주세요.,O servidor de login não está funcionando. Tente novamente mais tarde.,Le serveur de connexion ne fonctionne pas. Veuillez réessayer plus tard.,Server login tidak bekerja. Harap coba lagi nanti.,Serwer logowania nie działa. Spróbuj ponownie później.,سرور ورود کار نمی​کند. لطفاً بعداً دوباره امتحان کنید.,"خادم تسجيل الدخول لا يعمل، يُرجى المُحاولة مُجددًا."
None_gateway,112,Error Message,Gateway not found,找不到网关,找不到閘道,ゲートウェイが見つからない,Шлюз не найден,Gateway nicht gefunden,Gateway no encontrado,게이트웨이를 찾을 수 없음,Gateway não encontrado,Passerelle introuvable,Gateway tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono bramy,دروازه یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على البوابة
None_game_server,113,Error Message,Game server not found,找不到游戏服务器,找不到遊戲伺服器,ゲームサーバーが見つからない,Игровой сервер не найден,Spielserver nicht gefunden,Servidor del juego no encontrado,게임 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de jogos não encontrado,Serveur de jeu introuvable,Server game tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera gry,سرور بازی یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم اللعبة
None_battle_server,114,Error Message,Battle server not found,找不到战斗服务器,找不到戰鬥伺服器,戦闘サーバーが見つからない,Сервер сражений не найден,Kampfserver nicht gefunden,Servidor de combate no encontrado,전투 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de batalha não encontrado,Serveur de combat introuvable,Server Pertempuran tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera bitwy,سرور نبرد یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم المعركة
None_chat_server,115,Error Message,Chat server not found,找不到聊天服务器,找不到聊天伺服器,チャットサーバーが見つからない,Сервер чатов не найден,Chat-Server nicht gefunden,Servidor del chat no encontrado,채팅 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de bate-papo não encontrado,Serveur de chat introuvable,Server chat tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera czatu,سرور چت یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم الدردشة
None_file_server,116,Error Message,File server not found,文件服务器出错了,檔案伺服器出錯了,ファイルサーバーが見つからない,Сервер файлов не найден,Dateiserver nicht gefunden,Servidor de los archivos no encontrado,파일 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de arquivos não encontrado,Serveur de fichiers introuvable,Server file tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera pliku,سرور فایل یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم الملف
None_friend_server,117,Error Message,Friend server not found,未找到好友服务器,未找到好友伺服器,フレンドサーバーが見つからない,Сервер друзей не найден,Freundeserver nicht gefunden,Servidor de amigos no encontrado,친구 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de amigos não encontrado,Serveur d'amis introuvable,Server teman tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera znajomego,سرور دوست یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم الصديق
None_save_server,118,Error Message,Save server not found,未找到存档服务器,未找到存檔伺服器,セーブサーバーが見つからない,Сервер сохранений не найден,Speicherserver nicht gefunden,Servidor de guardar no encontrado,저장 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de jogos salvos não encontrado,Serveur de sauvegarde introuvable,Server penyimpanan tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera zapisu,سرور ذخیره یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم الحفظ
None_cross_server,119,Error Message,Matchmaking server not found,未找到分配服务器,未找到分配伺服器,マッチメイクサーバーが見つからない,Сервер подбора игроков не найден,Matchsuche-Server nicht gefunden,Servidor de sincronización no encontrado,대진 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor de pareamento não encontrado,Serveur d'appariement introuvable,Server pencocokan tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera powiązań,سرور مطابقت یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم المطابقة
None_sdk_server,120,Error Message,SDK server not found,未找到SDK服务器,未找到SDK伺服器,SDKサーバーが見つからない,Сервер SDK не найден,SDK-Server nicht gefunden,Servidor SDK no encontrado,SDK 서버를 찾을 수 없음,Servidor SDK não encontrado,Serveur SDK introuvable,Server SDK tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono serwera SDK,سرور SDK یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على خادم SDK
Token_verify_err,121,Error Message,Token validation error. Please contact customer service for more support.,令牌验证错误，请联系客服人员以寻求更多支持,權杖驗證錯誤，請聯繫客服人員以尋求更多支持,トークン検証エラーです。カスタマーサービスに連絡してください。,Ошибка проверки токена. Свяжитесь со службой поддержки.,Token-Validierungsfehler. Bitte wende dich an den Kundendienst.,Error de validación de token. Contacta a atención al cliente para obtener más detalles.,토큰 인증 오류입니다. 추가 지원이 필요하면 고객 서비스 팀에 문의하세요.,Erro na validação do código. Entre em contato com o atendimento ao cliente para obter ajuda.,Erreur de validation de jeton. Veuillez contacter le service client pour toute assistance supplémentaire.,Validasi token error. Harap hubungi layanan pelanggan untuk dukungan lebih lanjut.,"Błąd uwierzytelniania tokena. Skontaktuj się z obsługą klienta, by uzyskać pomoc.",خطای تأیید توکن. لطفاً برای دریافت پشتیبانی بیشتر با خدمات مشتری تماس بگیرید.,"خطأ في التحقُّق من صحة الرمز. لمزيدٍ من الدعم، يُرجى الاتصال بخدمة العملاء."
Account_have_none_player,122,Error Message,The current account has not created a role.,当前帐号未创建角色,當前帳號未創建角色,このアカウントはロールを作成していません。,В текущей учетной записи не создана роль.,Das aktuelle Konto hat keine Rolle erstellt.,La cuenta actual no ha creado un rol.,현재 계정은 역할을 생성하지 않았습니다.,A conta atual não criou uma função.,Le compte actuel n'a créé aucun rôle.,Akun saat ini belum membuat peran.,Bieżące konto nie utworzyło roli.,حساب فعلی نقشی ایجاد نکرده است.,لم ينشئ الحساب الحالي أيًّا من الأدوار.
Sign_failed,123,Error Message,Signature verification failed. Please contact customer service for more support.,签名验证失败，请联系客服人员以寻求更多支持,簽名驗證失敗，請聯繫客服人員以尋求更多支持,署名検証エラー。カスタマーサービスに連絡してください。,Не удалось проверить подпись. Свяжитесь со службой поддержки.,Signaturverifizierung fehlgeschlagen. Bitte wende dich an den Kundendienst.,Verificación de firma fallida. Por favor contacte a atención al cliente para más detalles.,서명을 확인하지 못했습니다. 추가 지원이 필요하면 고객 서비스 팀에 문의하세요.,Falha na verificação da assinatura. Entre em contato com o atendimento ao cliente para obter ajuda.,Échec de la vérification de signature. Veuillez contacter le service client pour toute assistance supplémentaire.,Verifikasi identitas gagal. Harap hubungi layanan pelanggan untuk dukungan lebih lanjut.,"Nie można uwierzytelnić podpisu. Skontaktuj się z obsługą klienta, aby uzyskać pomoc.","امضاء تأیید نشد. برای دریافت پشتیبانی بیشتر، لطفاً با خدمات مشتری تماس بگیرید.","تعذر التحقق من التوقيع. لمزيدٍ من الدعم، يُرجى الاتصال بخدمة العملاء."
Record_upload_failed,124,Error Message,Progress upload failed.,上传存档失败,上傳存檔失敗,進行状況のアップロードでエラーが発生しました。,Не удалось выгрузить прогресс.,Hochladen des Spielfortschritts fehlgeschlagen.,La subida de progreso falló.,진행 상황을 업로드하지 못했습니다.,Falha no envio do progresso.,Échec du chargement de la progression.,Progres upload gagal.,Nie można przesłać pomysłu.,پیشرفت بارگذاری نشد.,تعذر تحميل التقدم.
Record_cannot_find,125,Error Message,Cloud save not found,云端未找到存档,雲端未找到存檔,クラウドセーブデータが見つからない,Облачное сохранение не найдено,Cloud-Spielstand nicht gefunden,Progreso guardado en la nube no encontrado,클라우드 저장 기록을 찾을 수 없음,Jogo salvo na nuvem não encontrado,Sauvegarde du nuage introuvable,Cloud save tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono zapisu w chmurze,ذخیره در فضای ابری یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على الحفظ السحابي
Record_mac_already_bind,126,Error Message,The device is bound with the progress of another account. Please contact customer service for more support.,"该设备已被其他账号存档占用, 请联系客服人员以寻求更多支持","該設備已被其他帳號存檔佔用, 請聯繫客服人員以尋求更多支持",このデバイスは他のアカウントの進行状況と連携しています。カスタマーサービスに連絡してください。,Устройство привязано к прогрессу в другой учетной записи. Свяжитесь со службой поддержки.,Das Gerät ist mit dem Spielfortschritt eines anderen Kontos verknüpft. Bitte wende dich an den Kundendienst.,El dispositivo está vinculado con el progreso de otra cuenta. Contacta al servicio de atención al cliente para obtener más detalles.,장치가 다른 계정의 진행 상황에 바인딩되어 있습니다. 추가 지원이 필요하면 고객 서비스 팀에 문의하세요.,O dispositivo está vinculado ao progresso de outra conta. Entre em contato com o atendimento ao cliente para obter ajuda.,L'appareil est lié à la progression d'un autre compte. Veuillez contacter le service client pour toute assistance supplémentaire.,Perangkat ini telah terikat dengan progress akun lain. Harap hubungi layanan pelanggan untuk dukungan lebih lanjut.,"Urządzenie jest powiązane z postępami innego konta. Skontaktuj się z obsługą klienta, aby uzyskać pomoc.","دستگاه با پیشرفت یک حساب دیگر مرتبط است. لطفاً برای دریافت پشتیبانی بیشتر، با خدمات مشتری تماس بگیرید.","يرتبط هذا الجهاز بتقدم حساب آخر. لمزيدٍ من الدعم، يُرجى الاتصال بخدمة العملاء."
Record_bind_limit,127,Error Message,You change devices too frequently.,您更换设备频率过高,您更換設備頻率過高,デバイスの変更回数が多すぎます。,Слишком частая смена устройств.,Du wechselst zu häufig das Gerät.,Cambias de dispositivos muy frecuentemente.,장치 변경이 너무 빈번합니다.,Você muda de dispositivos com muita frequência.,Vous changez d'appareil trop souvent.,Kamu mengubah perangkat terlalu sering.,Zbyt często zmieniasz urządzenia.,دستگاه​های خود را بیش از حد تعویض می​کنید.,لقد قمت بتغيير الأجهزة بشكل متكرر.
Account_without_bind_info,128,Error Message,Progress info of this account not found,未找到该账号的存档信息,未找到該帳號的存檔資訊,このアカウントの進行状況が見つからない,Информация о прогрессе в этой учетной записи не найдена,Spielfortschritt für dieses Konto nicht gefunden,No se encontró información de progreso de esta cuenta,이 계정의 진행 상황 정보를 찾을 수 없음,Informações sobre o progresso desta conta não encontrados,Les informations de progression de ce compte sont introuvables,Informasi progress dari akun ini tidak ditemukan,Nie znaleziono informacji o postępach tego konta,اطلاعات پیشرفت این حساب یافت نشد,تعذر العثور على بيانات التقدم لهذا الحساب
Already_get_it,129,Error Message,You have already claimed it.,已经认领过了,已經認領過了,すでに獲得しています。,Уже получено.,Dies hast du schon abgeholt.,Ya lo habías reclamado antes.,이미 신청했습니다.,Você já resgatou isso.,Déjà récupéré.,Kamu telah mengklaimnya.,Już to odebrano.,شما قبلاً آن را مطالبه کرده​اید.,لقد طلبت ذلك بالفعل.
Pf_id_not_match,130,Error Message,Platform does not match.,平台不匹配,平臺不匹配,プラットフォームが一致しません。,Платформа не подходит.,Plattform stimmt nicht überein.,La plataforma no coincide.,플랫폼이 일치하지 않습니다.,A plataforma não corresponde.,La plateforme ne correspond pas.,Platform tidak cocok.,Platforma nie pasuje.,پلتفرم مطابقت ندارد.,المنصة غير مُتطابقة.
LoginSvr_not_match,131,Error Message,Login server does not match.,所登录的服务器不匹配,所登錄的伺服器不匹配,ログインサーバーが一致しません。,Сервер входа не подходит.,Login-Server stimmt nicht überein.,El servidor de inicio de sesión no coincide.,로그인 서버가 일치하지 않습니다.,O servidor de login não corresponde.,Le serveur de connexion ne correspond pas.,Server login tidak cocok.,Serwer logowania nie pasuje.,سرور ورود مطابقت ندارد.,خادم تسجيل الدخول غير متطابق.
GameInfo_set_fail,132,Error Message,Game info setting failed,游戏信息设置失败,遊戲資訊設置失敗,ゲーム情報設定エラー,Не удалось настроить информацию об игре,Spielinfo-Einstellung fehlgeschlagen,Ajuste de información del juego falló,게임 정보 설정 실패,Falha na configuração das informações de jogo,Échec du paramétrage des informations de jeu,Pengaturan informasi game gagal,Nie można skonfigurować informacji o grze,تنظیم اطلاعات بازی انجام نشد,تعذر إعداد معلومات اللعبة
Name_format_err,133,Error Message,Name format error,名称格式错误,名稱格式錯誤,名前形式エラー,Ошибка формата имени,Namensformat-Fehler,Error de formato de nombre,이름 형식 오류,Erro no formato do nome,Erreur de format de nom,Forma nama error,Błąd formatu nazwy,خطای فرمت نام,خطأ في تنسيق الاسم
Create_Player_failed,134,Error Message,Role creation failed,创建角色失败,創建角色失敗,ロール作成エラー,Не удалось создать роль,Rollenerstellung fehlgeschlagen,Creación de rol fallida,역할 생성 실패,Falha na criação de função,Échec de la création de rôle,Pembuatan peran gagal,Nie można utworzyć roli,نقش ایجاد نشد,تعذر إنشاء الدور
Email_try_send_please_check,135,Error Message,Email has been sent. Please check in your email box.,已尝试发送邮件，请去邮箱查验,已嘗試發送郵件，請去郵箱查驗,メールを送信しました。受信メールを確認してください。,Электронное письмо отправлено. Проверьте ваш почтовый ящик.,E-Mail gesendet. Bitte schau in deinen Posteingang.,Se ha enviado un correo electrónico. Por favor revisa tu bandeja de entrada.,이메일을 보냈습니다. 받은 편지함을 확인하세요.,O e-mail foi enviado. Verifique sua caixa de e-mails.,E-mail envoyé. Veuillez consulter vos e-mails.,Email telah terkirim. Harap periksa kotak emailmu.,Wysłano wiadomość e-mail. Sprawdź skrzynkę odbiorczą.,ایمیل ارسال شده است. لطفاً صندوق ورودی ایمیل خود را بررسی کنید.,جرى إرسال البريد الإلكتروني. يُرجى التحقق من صندوق البريد الإلكتروني الخاص بك.
Login_queue_full,136,Error Message,Server queue time is long. Please try again later.,登录排队人数过多，请稍后重试,登錄排隊人數過多，請稍後重試,サーバー待ち時間が長すぎます。後でもう一度試してください。,Продолжительное время ожидания сервера. Повторите попытку позже.,Lange Server-Wartezeit. Bitte später erneut versuchen.,El tiempo de espera para conectar al servidor es largo. Intenta más tarde.,서버 대기 시간이 깁니다. 나중에 다시 시도해 주세요.,O tempo de espera do servidor é longo. Tente novamente mais tarde.,Le temps d'attente du serveur est long. Veuillez réessayer plus tard.,Waktu antri server terlalu lama. Harap coba lagi nanti.,Czas oczekiwania serwera jest długi. Spróbuj ponownie później.,مدت زمان صف سرور طولانی است. لطفاً بعداً دوباره امتحان کنید.,"وقت انتظار الخادم طويل جدًّا، يُرجى معاودة المحاولة لاحقًا."
Phone_not_verify,137,Error Message,Unverified phone number,未验证的手机号,未驗證的手機號,未検証の電話番号,Неподтвержденный номер телефона,Nicht verifizierte Telefonnummer,Número de teléfono sin verificar,전화 번호 확인 실패,Número de telefone não verificado,Numéro de téléphone non vérifié,Nomor telepon belum diverifikasi,Niezweryfikowany numer telefonu,شماره تلفن تأییدنشده,لم يتم التحقُّق من رقم الهاتف
Email_not_verify,138,Error Message,Unverified email,未验证的邮箱,未驗證的郵箱,未検証のメール,Неподтвержденная электронная почта,Nicht verifizierte E-Mail-Adresse,Correo electrónico sin verificar,이메일 확인 실패,E-mail não verificado,E-mail non vérifié,Email belum diverifikasi,Niezweryfikowany adres e-mail,ایمیل تاییدنشده,لم يتم التحقُّق من البريد الإلكتروني
Email_unreachable,139,Error Message - email delivery failed,Delivery failed,邮件无法送达,郵件無法送達,配信エラー,Не удалось доставить,Zustellung fehlgeschlagen,Envío fallido,전송 실패,Falha na entrega,Échec de l'envoi,Pengiriman gagal,Dostarczenie nie powiodło się,تحویل انجام نشد,تعذر التوصيل
Email_format_err,140,Error Message,Email format error,邮箱格式错误,郵箱格式錯誤,メール形式エラー,Ошибка формата электронной почты,E-Mail-Formatfehler,Error de formato de correo electrónico,이메일 형식 오류,Erro no formato do e-mail,Erreur de format d'e-mail,Format email error,Błąd formatu adresu e-mail,خطای فرمت ایمیل,خطأ في تنسيق البريد الإلكتروني
Account_not_found,141,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
remoteCloudSaveDataBroke,9000,,,云端存档损坏,,,,,,,,,,,,
